Postgres - optimize audit_table (#184)
fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_fivetran_log v2.5.3-a1

> [PR #184](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log/pull/184) includes the following updates:

Reviewer: Always like to call out that it's a pre-release (since we will likely use this PR in a future release).

```suggestion
[PR #184](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log/pull/184) is a pre-release that includes the following updates:
```

## Under the Hood
- Tests out optimizations of `fivetran_platform__audit_table` for smaller Postgres instances.

>   - Creates two new macros: `convert_to_json` and `fivetran_log_json_parse_dev` (a dev version of `fivetran_log_json_parse`) to consolidate JSON parsing and casting in Postgres and SQL Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Creates two new macros: `convert_to_json` and `fivetran_log_json_parse_dev` (a development version of `fivetran_log_json_parse`) to consolidate JSON parsing and casting in Postgres and SQL Server.
```

>   - Removes regex-based JSON check on the `LOG.message_data` field for Postgres. Postgres has a character limit of 10,485,760. Therefore, `message_data` will very likely not be truncated/malformed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removes regex-based JSON check on the `LOG.message_data` field for Postgres. Postgres has a character limit of 10,485,760. Therefore, `message_data` is very likely not truncated or malformed.
```
